since 2005 this return continues to decline this law and its last
sluggish session the w do to get renault take that never by his
lightweight equipment its high price and above all not even its point of view
this special series fourth and last declination of the small
French before recycling
so it's even more exclusive and sportier than previous versions
its program of relief especially tariffs is 22 8 euros is made
also state
for the rest the least expensive of the catalog
the clio rs wrc receive equipped with a cup chassis in series but it is
notice especially to his war paintings on the flanks and his black rims
satin
aesthetically quite close to a classic clio rs it is characterized
however settings
tackle stripped
air conditioning radio
sergeants and curtains or electric mirrors
cleaning that helps lighten their set of about a small score
pounds according to renault
this clio but this year I'm going to do as the option policy allows
to find comfort equipment
she that radio
the air-conditioning the aperitif tobaccos and the bucket seats
so finally the weight we would win
where we take back and the car weighs as much as a normal version
that said I live the quality and general finish of the oms
note also the best holding of optional bucket seats
the firmed suspensions degrades it is true the comfort and generates
unpleasant jumps but this optimization pushes the boundaries again
of an oversized chassis truly has twelve launches
in sports driving
arrived at the road answering power is bound to the ol since forever
informative despite its electrical direction
the clio rs wrc hermet time to read the excellent work of the engineers of
renault sport technologies
the association rework
that was lowered by 7 millimeters
the rosso radars asked for 27% the front 30% the back for their
results these cars that arrived on the ground the duo was much stronger
german guy in the arabic sphere
at the most sporty clio rs of the range
however
it must be admitted the engine does not leave the same impression of efficiency as the
frame
if to whip this 4 cylinder 197 horsepower to pull all the juice it is
fun six present in dynamic driving
we are disappointed by his apathy at low and medium speed
and the weight loss of this light version but finally that powder to
eyes with still no c3 without claim in September and 9 seconds
with such intrinsic qualities the clio rs would have deserved a
more powerful and more successful declination
on renault if you listen